h1. appengine-clj

Clojure library aimed at making life on Google AppEngine clean and easy for a Clojure app.

h2. appengine-clj.users

Convenience API for the com.google.appengine.api.users package.

The <code>user-info</code> function can be called from anywhere to get the current user and a UserService. 
For a more functional approach, a Ring middlware function is provided 
to assoc the user info into every request under the key :appengine-clj/user-info. 

h2. appengine-clj.datastore

A convenience API for the com.google.appengine.api.datastore package providing access to Google's schema-free datastore.

It allows you to work with immutable data structures instead of mutable Entity instances.

<pre><code>(require '[appengine-clj.datastore :as ds])
(ds/create {:kind "Person" :name "Jimmmy" :age 25})
=> {:kind "Person" :key <Key Person(1138)> :name "Jimmy" :age 25}</code></pre>

h2. appengine-clj.test-utils

Provides setup and teardown of an in-memory Datastore for use in tests or from a REPL. 
If you're using <code>clojure.contrib.test-is</code>, you can use the <code>dstest</code> macro to get a fresh Datastore for each test.

---

Copyright (c) 2009 John D. Hume.

Released under an MIT license.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
